insights: Add docs around permissions (#30662)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/code_insights/explanations/administration_and_security_of_code_insights.md

## Disable Sourcegraph extension-provided Code Insights 

If you want to disable Sourcegraph-extension-provided code insights, you can do so the same way you would disable any other extension. Refer to [Disabling remote extensions](../../admin/extensions.md#use-extensions-from-sourcegraph-com-or-disable-remote-extensions) and [Allow only specific extensions](../../admin/extensions.md#use-extensions-from-sourcegraph-com-or-disable-remote-extensions).

## Insight and Dashboard permissions

Note: there are no separate read/write permissions. If a user can view an insight or dashboard, they can also edit it.

A user can view an insight if at least one of the following is true:

1. The user created the insight.
2. The user has permission to view a dashboard that the insight is on.

> In most cases, permissions can be thought of as belonging to a dashboard. Dashboards have 3 permission levels:

Reviewer: What are the exceptions to "most cases"?

Author: By that I mean `1.` above, which is that the user created the insight. That's the only time we grant insight level permissions, and it's granted only to the user. Do you think that's clear enough? I am not sure how to call that out without repeating `1.` above.

Reviewer: Ah, got it! Maybe just say that directly?
```suggestion
Except for the singular, non-transferable creator's permission noted in case 1 above, permissions can be thought of as belonging to a dashboard. Dashboards have 3 permission levels:
```

Though that raises a question – what happens if a user who created an insight on a global dashboard gets deleted? I think customers will probably have that question since they periodically clean up their user tables. I believe it becomes just an insight that is visible to everyone, right?

Author: Yes, the insight will be visible via it's dashboard permissions. If it gets removed from all dashboards though, no one would be able to access it anymore. I can call this out under `Changing permission levels` below as another case to make note of.
